Now combine the pieces into an Agent Task Brief.
The brief is a compact contract between the person who owns the work and the agent producing the first usable artifact.
Field one is the outcome artifact: name the deliverable, its user, the decision it supports, and the state that counts as usable.
Field two is the source map: list the approved inputs, authority order, freshness, and known gaps.
Field three is constraints: hard limits, preferences, permissions, prohibited actions, and stop conditions.
Field four is review: acceptance criteria, required evidence, human reviewers, and actions that require approval.
Field five is destination format: required sections, schema, dimensions, filenames, and output location.
Field six is the handoff: completed work, unresolved questions, evidence checked, and the next allowed action.
Use the brief before execution, then update it when the task changes.
If a new source changes the decision, record it.
If a reviewer changes the standard, revise the acceptance criteria.
The brief should describe the current task, not preserve obsolete instructions.
The common failure is writing the brief as a ceremonial prompt.
Every field should change what the agent does or how the result is reviewed.
If a sentence cannot affect either one, remove it.
First, package artifact, sources, constraints, review, format, and handoff.
Second, update the brief when facts or acceptance criteria change.
Third, remove any instruction that cannot change execution or review.